I'll speak to the person in charge.
There are people who don't agree with me,
so it went awry.
But I'm still willing to get you out
safely and--
I'll talk to the person
who ordered to kill us.
I'm the person in charge here.
I'm the director of ANSP.
So you're the one
who ordered to kill us, you bastard?
What? "Bastard"?
How dare this communist call you that?
Give it. I'll teach him a lesson. Give it!
Stop it, you idiot!
Don't deal with him. Why don't you
go home? I'll take care of this.
You'll take care of this?
Why don't you go home?
You're not coolheaded,
desperate to save your child.
You little…
Are you trying to get her killed?
If they find out,
what do you think they'll do?
What're you looking at?
There was an engagement on the West Sea
at around 22:00.
An engagement?
The ship for the North was
stupid enough to be get caught.
The navy found the ship,
so there was nothing I could do.
And my colleagues?
Before that…
I heard gunfire. Are the students okay?
If you wanted them safe,
you shouldn't have deceived us twice.
What happened to my colleagues?
Unfortunately,
everyone was killed
including Professor Han.
Everyone?
How can I believe you?
Whether or not you believe me,
I want to help you.
Give me a bit more time,
and I'll come up with a plan--
When you tried to kill us,
had the North approved it?
Of course not. We had no time for that.
Remember this.
Once we're convinced we're never
going back alive, we'll blow ourselves up.
And all the hostages will die too.
You must accomplish
this mission at all costs, okay?
Those who have power
all thanks to their family name
are pointing a gun at me.
You're my last weapon
that I can kill them with.
Don't forget that.
Mom…